So we previously wrote a function to create a message.
And what we're going to work on in this screencast is the ability to get the single message to delete
a message and to get all of the messages.
So we're going to do that in a different place.
But let's start which is getting an individual message.
So what we need to do here with all our racing functions we need to start with the track catch inside
if you're going to make a variable call message.
And this is going to be the result of a waiting D-B message top fund.
We're going to pass in recked of harams.
That message underscore ID.
Where does that idea come from.
Well let's think about the way that this is going to come in.
The prefix is slash API slash users slash some ID slash messages slash some kind of message ID.
So we're gonna grab that message ID and grab that from redtop reps.
We're also going to have the same prefix for deleting as well.
But the HDTV verb is going to be different.
That'll be a get.
And this one will be a delete.
So inside of your once we find that message let's send back a status of 200.
Everything went well with Jason of that message.
All we really need to do here.
There any errors as per usual or return next in passing that error and we'll just call this are to be
consistent instead of our delete message.
We're going to start once again with a try catch.
Oh I want to make sure we have that with our async functions.
It's always make sure we are next with that are and bubble of the air to the air handler inside of here.
We're going to make a found message and there's going to be the result of a waiting D-B down message
does find by ID.
And we're going to pass it once again.
Recked operands that message underscore ID on the next line we're going into a way found message Ruth
and then we'll return arrest that status of 200 with some Jaison of that found message.
Now you might have seen that in mongoose.
There's a method called find by id and remove.
But that's actually not going to work because if we look back at our message model we have a pretty
remove hook.
And this doesn't actually work with fine by id and remove one more thing make sure that should be this
that user as well which are for that specific I.D..
So we can't use find ID and remove.
We have actually used the Remove method to get this to work in Mangus.
So using that instead of fine by id and remove so that can our routes Let's go use these new functions
that we made.
Let's import get message and delete message.
And these will be prefixed with the route that we saw before which includes a message ID at the end.
So let's add a router down route to slash message id make sure we have that colon and then we'll add
it get forget message
and Italy for a delete message.
So we should see here that we now have two new routes one for a get one for a delayed to slash EBIZ
user slash IDs slash messages slash message ID lets say this or make one more up and the next week ask
will test all of these routes using EGD pi.
So what we'd like to be able to do is get all of the messages for every single user.
This is what will load when we show the timeline of all the messages on the front end.
So instead of our index yes its going to take that route so back in our index to yes we're going to
add again to slash API slash messages all we want to make sure that we have is that this route can only
be accessed if a user is logged in.
So let's make sure to add our in required middleware.
And then we'll run an evening function with ryegrass and next
one thing we want to do here actually to add to our message model is to add some time stamps.
So let's go to our message model and after that message schema let's add a key of timestamps and a value
of true.
This will add a created add and an updated app for each individual document that the message schema
creates.
This will be really useful when you want to sort the messages.
So let's go back to our index.
Yes and inside of here we're going to start once again with a try catch make sure we handle errors properly
and always return next with that.
So what do we want to do to get all the messages.
Well let's go get all of those messages using.
That message defined.
We're going to also await that promise to resolve.
Now instead of just finding we're also going to sort them by created at descending.
And one more thing we want to populate the user for each individual one of those messages and the fields
that we want from the user or just the username and the profile image you know.
So specify those both as true.
The reason why we're doing this is so that we can get each individual user name as well as image you
are out for every message to display on our timeline.
We'll then just return without return or restart status of 200 with a response.
That includes those messages.
So we've just done here is Meteora that anybody can go to once they're logged in that shows all of the
messages for every single user.
We're simply going to find the message sort them by created at and then populate each user for those
specific message.
Right now it's just an ID popular is going to give us that entire user object but we don't want all
the fields we just want a username and a profile image you are.
So let's say this and the next screencast will test these all using each Deedy by.